[FIX][16.0] sale_order_line_price_history: Set history price from wizard tree (#2905)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_order_line_price_history/readme/USAGE.rst

To use this module, you need to:

> #. Go to System Parameters and change ``sale_order_line_price_history.order_line_limit`` 

Reviewer: **suggestion:** following the recommendation above:

```suggestion
#. Go to System Parameters and configure the ``sale_order_line_price_history.order_line_limit`` 
```
